I'm Bryan Hayes the gameplay producer
for fight night round 4 4 gameplay
stepping forward from fight night round
3 to fight night round 4 we've really
taken some big strides this year well
then find out around three you saw some
things that were really unnaturally slow
or sometimes things that were really
unnaturally robotically fast and we've
really made a focus to try and deliver a
fluid and natural sense of motion for
the boxers and fight night round for
everything from their head movement to
their punch combinations that are moving
around the ring it's much more fluid
faster and more responsive creating
counterpunch opportunities is a little
bit different as well there's no more
Perry system where you can slap an
opponent's hand out of the air and
freeze them for a couple of seconds you
actually again have to use timing to
either put your hands up at just the
right moment or slip your head back down
or to the side to make your opponent
miss and then make them pay and fight
night round for your punches target your
opponent in a realistic manner previous
laying around three if you are ducking
in front of somebody you'd still always
throw your hook or your jabs your
straight over their head it's like you
couldn't see where they are but in round
four if you're ducking in front of
somebody well they're gonna punch you in
the face their punches will target you
where you're at so moving your head and
slipping punches requires timing
requires reflexes it's much more
realistic fight night round 4 has what
we call the stun state it's that moment
where you get caught with a clean shot
and your bell is really wrong so you'll
find that your kind of stumbling around
you're not able to block as well you
can't really move your head as well
you're in a really really vulnerable
state it's a time where your opponent
can really press the advantage
previously it only ever happened when
you were about to go down but now one
clean shot can put you there soon if you
get knocked down next thing I do is get
up and there's a brand new get up game
and fighting around for it involves
getting yourself up off the canvas like
you start off lying down on the canvas
you have to sort of straighten yourself
up and then stand up and the rest going
to look at you and ask if you're okay if
you are you get to go out and finish the
round another big change for fight night
round four is the between rounds
minigame if fight night round three you
had that experience where you have to
rub your own face for 20 or 30 seconds
and then you have to watch the other guy
rub his face or 20 or 30 seconds it took
a long time
I'm to get back in the ring and start
punching each other in the face again so
we really wanted to sort of tighten that
up make a game that both users could
play at the same time and play really
quickly but there's a lot of strategy
involved so based on your performance in
the previous round you earn points that
your trainer can use to help you recover
stamina help recover health or help you
heal damaged and as the fight goes on
you get in the later rounds those
decisions become very very important the
new physics based gameplay engine allows
us do a lot of things that just weren't
possible in round 3 and you're gonna see
that really come to life in the ring